Add description on the ways how users should approach DB monitoring (#36483)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow/howto/set-up-database.rst

    airflow db migrate

Monitoring your database and logging queries
--------------------------------------------

> Airflow uses the relational metadata DB a LOT. When scheduling and executing tasks, database is the central
> and crucial part of all the calculations and synchronization and it is important to monitor your database
> and make sure it is configured properly and that there are no excessive and long-running queries that impact
> Airflow performance. Such long or excessive queries might occur due to bugs in the code, missing optimizations,
> there is also a possibility that database optimization engine makes wrong decisions based on statistics of
> data - for example when the statistics of data in your database gets outdated.

Reviewer: Very long sentences. I'd propose to re-phrase a bit, e.g.:
```suggestion
Airflow uses the relational metadata DB a lot. When scheduling and executing tasks, database is the central
and crucial part of all the calculations and synchronization. It is important to monitor your database
and make sure it is configured properly. Excessive and long-running queries will most probably impact
Airflow performance. Such long or excessive queries might occur due to specific cases in your workflow, 
missing optimizations or even due to bugs in the code (which maintainers try to take care for but glitches
can appear). There is also a possibility that database optimization engine makes wrong decisions based
on (outdated) statistics of data - for example when the set of data in your database changes and database
statistics gets outdated.
```
